---
link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qo3f1-Bg4nw
author: 
   
published: 2022-07-05T05:47:00
tags: []
---
# Highlights


---
# CADA: CyManII Attack-Defense Annex
This presentation by Gabriela Ciocarlie, Matthew Jablonski, and Duminda Wijesekera was given virtually at AADL/ACVIP User Day 2022. In this talk, we present how formalized models and methods developed by CyManII are intended to evaluate the progress of both safety and security aspects of a manufacturing system, and the system's resiliency to withstand threats arising of exploiting both. We use Architectural Analysis and Design Language (AADL) to specify requirements from established safety and security standards, along with timing requirements and other security properties, and verify them within an AADL model. To enable adoption and transferability, we build these concepts into a CyManII Attack-Defense Annex (CADA), intended to show attacker and defender behaviors within a manufacturing system. Gabriela F. Ciocarlie is an associate professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at The University of Texas at San Antonio and Vice President for Securing Automation and Secure Manufacturing Architecture for CyManII. Her expertise is in anomaly detection, distributed alert correlation, network and application level security, cyber physical systems security and distributed system security. Before UTSA, Gabriela was the Chief Product Officer at Elpha Secure and a senior technical manager of SRI’s New York City research hub focused on cyberanalytics, which she established in 2016. Gabriela holds a Ph.D. and an M.S. in computer science from Columbia University, and a B.Eng. in computer engineering from Polytechnic University of Bucharest. Matthew Jablonski is a Ph.D. candidate in Information Technology. He is a graduate research assistant with the CCI Innovation Laboratory at George Mason University, and a security researcher at the Cybersecurity Manufacturing Innovation Institute (CyManII). His research interests include safety and security risk management within cyber physical systems. He received an M.S. in Information Security and Assurance. Duminda Wijesekera is the acting chair of the newly formed Cyber Security Engineering Department and a professor in the Department of Computer Science at George Mason University, Fairfax, Virginia and a visiting research scientist at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). He lead the Laboratory of Radio and RADAR Engineering (RARE) at Mason and currently supports the CCI Nova node director with the CCI Innovation Laboratory at Arlington and Secure Manufacturing Automation (SMA) in the DoE funded CyManII project. His research area includes safety and security of networked control systems in general (and Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) and Industrial Automation Systems in particular), Next G based Edge services.